On this screen you will be prompted to enter
the BOC of the second line item.
A BOC will be needed for every line item in the order.
After entering the quantity, you will enter the unit
of purchase, stock number, and estimated item cost.
You will bypass the delivery schedule.
Once you complete the order for the total number of line
items then press enter to go to the next step.
In this example we are only ordering two items.
So, we will move on to the next prompt.
Press enter to bypass the sub-control point
unless otherwise specified.
In this example we will bypass.
Next, you will put in the delivery location.
You are limited to 30 characters,
so be concise within the limitations,
such as room number and building,
with a person's name if possible to allow
for accurate delivery.
Under the justification enter a brief comment
on why you are ordering the items.